refactor(curriculum): rewrite for RPG project (#53803)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-basic-dom-manipulation-by-building-a-role-playing-game/62a2509ba163e020bb9d84ea.md

---
id: 62a2509ba163e020bb9d84ea
title: Step 2
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-2
---

# --description--

> When building projects, it is best to keep your code organized and separate into HTML, CSS and JavaScript files. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When building projects, it is best to keep your code organized and separate into HTML, CSS, and JavaScript files. 
```

> The <dfn>script</dfn> element can be used to link your JavaScript code to your HTML file. The `src` attribute in the `script` element is used to specify the path to the JavaScript file that will be used to control the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the <dfn>script</dfn> element to link your JavaScript code to your HTML file. You can then use the `src` attribute in the `script` element to specify the path to the JavaScript file that will be used to control the page.
```

```html
<script src="link-to-file-goes-here"></script>
```

Inside the `head` element, add a `script` element. Give your empty `script` element a `src` attribute set to `./script.js`.

# --hints--

You should have a `script` element.

```js
assert.isAtLeast(document.querySelectorAll('script').length, 2);

> ```

Reviewer: I wouldn't have this at all since it won't be hinted at all.

> Your `script` element should have a `src` attribute set to `./script.js`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should have a `script` element with a `src` attribute set to `./script.js`.
```
